down the valley snow has stopped the
contractors in their tracks they've
missed their deadline this Lodge will
now lie empty until spring the
well-coordinated beaver team on the
other hand have hit nature's tight
deadline as the temperature drops the
true value of their painstaking
preparations becomes clear
thanks to their hydro-engineering know
how the family is ready for the winter
freeze this is the true test if they
haven't got their pond just deep enough
to stop it freezing solid the large
entrance would have been ice bar and
with the forest inaccessible the
adjoining lada is a lifesaver
it means the Beavers can nip out for
food throughout the colder months
without having to venture far into the
woods
the beaver builders have designed the
perfect winter refuge safe and well
stocked with food ideal for raising
chips off the old block
it's a spacious home where all the
family can sit out winter snug and warm
and if the central heating gets too high
the occupants can let off steam through
an extractor vent so who in this valley
wins the title master builder no contest
it's the beaver